Update Query routing decisions page (#3171)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/routing-decisions.adoc

* If the target database is in this DBMS, the context type is _Internal_.
* If the target database is a xref::scalability/composite-databases/concepts.adoc[composite database], the context type is _Composite_.
This also allows the query to target multiple databases.
* If the target database is a xref:database-administration/aliases/manage-aliases-standard-databases.adoc[remote alias], the context type is _External_.

. Determines the location of execution:
+
_Internal_::
** If the URI scheme is `bolt://` (routing disabled), the location is _Local_.
** If the transaction mode is `READ` and the database is hosted on _this server_, the location is _Local_.
** If the transaction mode is `READ` and the database is hosted on _another server_ with
xref:clustering/setup/routing.adoc#clustering-routing[server-side routing] xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_dbms.routing.enabled[enabled], the location is _Remote_ (using the xref:configuration/configuration-settings.adoc#config_server.routing.advertised_address[routing advertised address] of that server).

> If server-side routing _is not_ enabled, then fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If server-side routing _is not_ enabled, then the operation fails.
```
